If you're serious about growing a
business on YouTube and you don't have a
clear, proven plan of action that can
actually get you to $100,000 a month,
it's very likely you're going to end up
like most businesses who focus on all of
the wrong things that will never
actually make them money. So, in this
video, I'm going to give you the exact
system I use to get to $100,000 a month
on YouTube in just under 3 years without
any ads, without any social media, or
without building a big team. Now, as
this video goes on, the information is
going to get more and more valuable. And
for those of you already on $25,000 a
month, this could be all you need to 4X
over the coming year. All right, so to
start, who is this strategy going to
work with? Well, it doesn't work for
entertainment channels or review
channels or any channels that don't
solve a problem. But if your channel
solves a problem for a specific person,
it can. So here, for example, we have a
presenting channel that went from a 37K
launch to 100K launch in just a few
months. This is a channel helping people
make money online doing $70,000 a month.
This is a marketing channel making 30K
from just one video. And this can work
for loads of different niches. Okay. So,
if you want to earn big money, the first
thing we need to look at is making sure
you're not wasting your time on
strategies that can't actually get you
to that $100,000 a month figure. Now, I
believe that means businesses should
ignore affiliate. They should ignore
sponsorship. They should ignore ad
revenue as a long-term source of income.
Now, don't get me wrong, these things
are great if you want some short-term
passive side cash, but in the long run,
they can be dangerous because they can
turn off at any time and they can leave
you screwed as well as kind of distract
you from developing your own offer and
the right following to build that off.
Now, the next trap to avoid is selling
cheap on demand courses. So, let me show
you the problem with this using a
calculator I've built. So, if you sell a
course at $149,
even if you're an expert, you need
millions of views every month to hit six
figures. And most businesses, they're in
niches that aren't actually capable of
hitting those kind of view numbers. But
if we change this 149 to $10,000, look
at that. You could potentially make that
from 400,000 views a month or even if
you're experienced and good at
marketing, 50. And this is why you see
small channels making hundreds of
thousands of dollars because they've
nailed the offer and the marketing and
they sell something high ticket. But I
can hear you going, "Hang on a second,
Ed. $10,000. That is insane." And I know
it is, but we have clients charging
$20,000 for a photography offer. I have
someone who has a music production offer
charging $30,000. But what you need to
realize is you don't just start charging
crazy money like this. you have to kind
of earn it over the long term. But that
is exactly what I'm going to show you
how to do in this video. Now, if you
want to play with that calculator,
you're welcome to. I left the link to it
below. All the data in it is based on
what we've discovered tracking sales
from over half a billion views with my
software, Rev Track. So, it's pretty
accurate. All right, so now you know the
traps to avoid. Let's zoom out and let's
have a look at the bigger picture of how
this entire system I'm going to show you
gets businesses to 100K a month. I think
the best way to picture how this works
is that your business is like a boat
that goes through three phases. Now, the
dinghy stage is phase one of your
journey where you're trying to get from
zero to $10,000 a month. And this bit
flipping sucks because you don't know
what you're doing yet. You are dabbling
with YouTube. You've maybe decided to
start a podcast, bit of Instagram, and
you're trying everything because you
don't know what work and you're hoping
one thing will stick and change your
life. The truth is that won't work
because you spread yourself. so thin.
So, as a result, most people's boat in
this phase looks like this. They are
floating on driftwood, tied together,
sinking in a storm. But what I'm going
to show you how to do is turn that into
a little dingy. A boat that can actually
carry you and a handful of clients to
10K a month. Now, phase two is all about
making the ride nice and smooth for your
clients by upgrading your boat to a
tugboat, something bigger that can carry
more people without creating chaos and
making it sink. And then in phase three,
we scale from $25,000 to $100,000 a
month by turning your tugboat into a
yacht. And this is where most people
completely screw it up because they
think growing a business is all about
jamming more and more people onto their
boat. So, they market harder, they push
capacity, and they're all trying to get
as many leads as possible. And suddenly,
their boat is overloaded. Their service
drops, complaints fly in, refunds pile
up, the founder burns out, and boom,
they sink. And I can't tell you how many
people fail here. When really, if you
stick to what I'm going to show you,
this is kind of easy because all we're
going to do is say, "Screw getting as
many people onto this boat as possible.
Let's work with fewer people who are the
perfect fit for our boat party, and then
let's make everyone else who's the
perfect fit queue up and wait to get on
instead."
Which sounds a lot better than sinking,
right? But how do you do that? Well, let
me introduce you to the thing that
powers every single phase of your
journey. And I call this the success
wheel. And it's so flipping simple. So,
the first part of it is all you need to
do is get traffic. And by traffic, I
don't mean like random views. I mean
someone actually clicking the link under
your video and then landing on your
sales page who's the right fit for your
offer. And your offer is the second
stage of the wheel. Then what we need to
do is move them to the third stage. This
is known as conversion. And basically
that's when someone goes from seeing
your offer to becoming a client. And
then once they're a client, your job is
really simple. Look after them as well
as you possibly can. So they get a
result of some kind because when they
win, they give you testimonials, you get
case studies, you get success stories,
which is the whole point of the fourth
stage of this wheel. And that's when the
whole thing compounds and your business
will explode because you take those wins
and you show them off in your videos
which drives more traffic to your sales
page. But you've also got more wins on
your sales page which drives more
conversion. And then because you're
working with more people and looking
after them, you get more results which
you then feed back into your videos
which then drives more traffic to your
offer which then converts more which
gets you more results. And this will
speed up faster and faster and faster.
And that is what will earn you so much
more and create a queue and enable you
to get to the golden milestone of
charging $10,000 for something. But this
is the mistake most people make. They
think that the engine that drives all of
this is more traffic, more views. But
it's not. The real engine is this part,
results. Because when your product is
built for the right people and you look
after them so well that they win, simply
showing that off means you win even
more. So now you got that basic
understanding of how this system works.
Next, what we're going to do is we're
going to go deeper into each phase so
you know exactly where to focus to level
up faster. Let's start with phase one.
All right, so the goal of phase one is
pretty simple. Build a boat that can
carry a small group of clients. And
remember, this phase sucks, but if you
get it right, it sets you up for success
almost instantly in phase two. So, we
got to fix the first part of your
success wheel, and that is traffic. And
traffic just means getting views we can
then drive to your offer. Now, most
people in phase one to get traffic from
YouTube stress about all of the wrong
things like perfect lighting, fancy
edits, and then they copy the biggest
creators far too much when really that's
not how you generate a following on
YouTube. To actually generate views and
build a following, there are three
foundational elements that the top
personal brands in the world, they
harness all of the time. And without
these things, they would have not have
become so successful. And this applies
to anyone no matter what phase they're
in. So the first of these things is what
I call becoming a likable character. And
it works like this. So years ago, I was
listening to a podcast and the guy on it
was telling this story about a time he
went out and got really drunk. And I
found it hilarious. So I turned to my
friend and I said, "Who is this? They're
flipping brilliant." And they said,
"This is James Smith. Who is this guy?"
Now if you don't know who James is, he's
got millions of followers across
multiple platforms, tens of millions in
online sales. He even owns a drink
company worth over 20 million. But what
got that reaction from me wasn't editing
or hacks. It was just the fact that he
was himself and just told stories that
to me made him instantly likable. And if
you scroll through his comments below
his videos, you're going to see he has
like this army of just devout hardcore
fans who have followed him for years
because they just like the way he talks,
too. Putting it simply, James has built
his career off of being himself. Now, I
know be yourself on camera is the worst,
most broad, useless advice anyone has
ever said online, but the problem I see
working with hundreds of businesses is
that when people come to YouTube, they
often seem to think they need to act
like Hormosi, who's all serious or Mr.
Beast who's all shouty. But if you're
not like that in real life, you just
come across as awkward. And it basically
means you act. And acting, if you're not
any good at it, will make you feel phony
and scammy, and that does not make you a
very likable character. So, if you're
just naturally playful and silly, quacks
and jokes, it will attract people like
you. If you're serious, just be serious.
This is going to become 10 times more
important as more AI content floods the
platform, too. So, although it's lame
advice, it's critical, and you'll
understand how critical this is the
further the video goes on. And that
brings us on to the second thing you
need to generate traffic. And this is
the one that kind of scares everyone
apart from the most successful people
because they know how powerful it is.
They intentionally use it. So to give
you an example of how this works, James
invited me on his podcast once and a
friend of mine saw it. He said, "No way.
I can't believe you're on James Smith's
podcast. I hate that guy. He reminds me
of all the kids at school I didn't
like." And I laughed because to me,
James reminds me of the people at school
I did like. And that's what makes him
successful because he has a lot of
haters, but he also has equally as many
lovers. It sounds weird he's married,
but you get the idea. And if you look at
the trend across the most successful
personal brands, it's always the same.
Iman Gadi, half the internet loves him,
half the internet hates him. It's the
same with Andrew Tate. He obviously
pushes it to extremes. And then here's
the thing you need to understand. Even
Aliadal who comes across as like the
nicest, softest spoken guy in the world,
right? Well, if you ask enough people,
you'll probably find 50% of him go, "I
love that guy." And the other half go,
"I can't really stand him." So, what you
need to understand is you are always
going to be disliked and hated. So, you
might as well lean into it because when
people hate you, it makes the people who
love you bond with you even more. And
that is how you create fans. And those
are the people who are going to get you
to 100K a month. And without this, it
doesn't work. And that brings us on to
the third thing, and this is the one
that's gonna cause people to love and
hate you. And you're gonna notice it
absolutely everywhere now. I point it
out because all of the biggest personal
brands in the world are just doing this
so intentionally often in every piece of
content they make. And it's called
having an enemy. So James Smith, he
nailed this. And it's one of the reasons
he blew up so fast because he made the
BS of the fitness industry his enemy
where he tore apart fat diets and like
bogus supplements and tons of like
influence and nonsense. Iman Gadi, if
you watch his videos, he makes the
education system his enemy. He's
constantly telling his young viewers,
"The school is broken. It doesn't work.
It's going to keep you poor." Then we
got Dan Coho. His enemy is the n-to-five
job. and Rammit Seti, he made buying a
house his enemy. And just go and look at
the comments below his video on it. It
is 5050 lovehate. Even Mr. Beast, who
doesn't say it outright, but through his
actions, he's made loweffort content his
enemy. And me, I made social media short
form content my enemy. I say it sucks
and you don't need it because I believe
that. And what happens is when I say
that, the people who believe it too side
with me and we bond. And this is the
piece so many people are missing cuz
they think YouTube is all about being
liked. It's not. It's just as important
to be hated.
Now, the cool thing is to harness what
is ultimately one of the most powerful
tools you have at your disposal. You
don't need expensive cameras or a studio
or fancy editing. You can literally just
sit in front of a camera, talk, and
grow. And this is why lower foot content
does so well because you'll often find
they have an enemy. These three things
also make sales so much easier because
the people who love you build trust
faster. and that's what's going to get
him over the line. So have a think, what
can you pick to make your enemy and just
let the world know about it. Don't be
afraid. And that brings us on to the
offer part of the wheel in phase one.
And all we're going to do here is we're
going to build a dinghy capable of
getting five people big results so we
can then feed those results back into
our lovehate content and get your wheel
spinning. But we are not going to make
digital downloads or on demand products.
Why? Well, they do serve a purpose, but
in this case, they're not going to give
you the engine that powers everything
else, results. Mainly because 95% of
people who buy them never complete them.
And that's data from Harvard. So, it
means you will struggle to pick up the
results and testimonials and proof you
need fast enough. So, what we need to do
at this stage is to forget the whole
passive income thing that you've been
sold because it's never going to help
you hit 100K. And we need to start
talking to people. We need to start
working with people. We need to deliver
value. Record the conversations we have.
We need to click screenshots of the wins
we get them so we can use them as
results to get you results. So, how do
you do it? Well, it's pretty simple. Set
up a calendar with onetoone booking
slots. Build a basic sales page. Embed
it on it so that we can track the amount
of people who visit that sales page. And
then just put the link under your
videos. Now, one critical thing to add
here is when someone books in a call, it
is critical you put one question on the
form that simply says, "What are the top
three problems you have right now?" Now,
don't worry about why. I'm going to make
that clear in phase three, but do not
ignore that. Now, let's get real. I am
not saying that doing this is going to
change your world overnight. It's very
likely you will get absolutely no
bookings for a long time until people
love you. But as your channel grows, the
people who do love you for standing for
something, they'll start booking in paid
calls, and that will give us our first
results to harness. The other option is
to start with a free call, which some
people do, but for our long-term goal,
what we really want to do is in phase
one, get to 25 calls a month booked,
around $200 each, and that will make you
$5,000. Then you want to upsell five of
those people onto a $1,000 a month
retainer for ongoing work. And that will
make you your next 5K. And that's it.
That is your first $10,000 month.
Congratulations. That is a massive
achievement. Now, for these retainer
people, you're going to say, "Let's work
together for a minimum of 3 months." And
over this period, what you're going to
do is you're going to come up with some
kind of program that takes them from
where they are now to the result they
want that you are qualified in helping
them get. And then each week you're just
going to do a one-to-one call with them
where you take them through each step of
this system you've come up with. Now
this system is probably going to suck as
you don't have a clue what you're doing
yet. But do not panic. Firstly, if you
become a likable person, people won't be
upset if your system and your experience
is a little bit rusty to start. And this
is why the likable thing is so
important. But also just keep in mind
that once you've met more and more
people, like anything with practice, you
get better. So really what matters in
phase one more than anything else is
learning about what your dream buyers
care about the most and starting to work
on a simple system to get them a result.
And that's what these calls will give
you. Now there is one more thing that
you need to start doing at this stage.
But don't bother doing it until you're
getting like 500 views a video, let's
say. And that is you have to start
building an email list. Why? Well, let's
say you're working with five clients
from retainer. That's four. And one
drops off. You just email your list and
you say, "I've got one space open." And
that scarcity will fill your slot
quickly.
Oh man. And that scarcity will fill your
calendar quickly. But more importantly,
it makes it look like there's a queue
forming to get on your dinghy too
because when you say, "I have one
space." Well, you look in demand, right?
And that urgency creates FOMO and FOMO
creates sales. Okay. So, that is phase
one complete. Now, we're going to move
into phase two, where we're going to
just upgrade your dinghy and turn it
into a tugboat like this. And that's
going to pull your income from 10K a
month to 25K a month using the same
success wheel. But this time, we make a
very slight change. So ideally in phase
two, you've got three to 5,000 people on
your email list now, and your videos are
pulling in a few thousand views each
time, and you're starting to be known as
the person who solves a specific
problem. And you're known for hating
whatever the heck your enemy is. And the
result of this will be you have fans and
hopefully some haters, too. Like this
guy who left this comment on my video.
Thank you. I'm glad you don't like me.
Okay. So, what you do now is you take
all of those surveys that I asked you to
get filled out in phase one from the
people who booked the calls with you and
you look at the top repeating problems
in them as well as think about all of
the work you did with those one-to-one
clients. The idea here is you then come
up with a program to fix them. And
because in phase one you were already
developing this and will have learned a
heck of a lot about your dream buyers,
you just come up with a new offer that
is going to be positioned as the
solution to those top three problems
from your survey. But you don't go
making tons of on demand videos and
spend a year building a course. You are
basically going to do what you did on a
one-to-one level but with five people at
the same time. So every week you do a
live call with them and at the end of 8
to 10 weeks they have a specific sort of
result. The other thing you want to bolt
onto this is some kind of community
platform where they can ask questions
throughout the week and more importantly
share their wins with you. This is
absolutely critical. Do not go, "I don't
want a community. It's too much work."
The wins people share in the community
are the most important part of getting
you to $100,000 a month. So, do not be
lazy. Also, if you really don't like
your clients enough to want to talk to
them at least once a day, why are you
doing this? Then, all you do is you
knock up a simple video that promotes
this and you put it on a sales page with
a ton of the testimonials that you got
in phase one that show you are legit.
And then you can send one email to your
entire email list saying, "I've got five
spaces is two grand each." And because
you've built trust and a list of fans
being likable, you will sell it out
pretty fast. Boom. That is 10K right
there. Now, I did this for years and I
managed to sell an offer at $5,000
just emailing my list with no sales call
and I was selling 40 spaces at a time
doing it. But I still put the main
reason that happened down to the fact
that I focused so much on becoming a
likable character who was also hated in
my YouTube videos. Okay? So then what
you do is you run your program, but at
the same time you keep those onetoone
calls coming in from posting videos and
sending out emails to your list, but you
put the price up because your demand is
rising and your time is limited. So now
maybe the onetoone calls are $350 each.
And let's say you're booking 25 a month
still. That's another $8,750.
So when you put those two things
together, we're pushing $19,000 in a
single month with the same amount of
work you were doing in phase one.
Actually, no, it's less because in phase
one, you were working with five clients
on separate things, on separate calls.
Now you're working with five clients on
one. And now here's the key to phase two
that's going to get you to phase three
really fast. After you sell out your new
program, you run it and anytime someone
gets a win or say something great about
what you've been doing with them, you
have to screenshot it and you share it
absolutely everywhere. Your community
wall, your emails, in videos, you
basically want to use your client's
examples and wins and stories in your
content as examples to make your point.
like I did at the very start of this
video. I lifted off four clients who'd
had massive wins. One, to inspire you,
but two, to show you my program gets
results. Right now, this is where the
magic happens because they'll be
watching your videos and they'll go,
"Oh, maybe I work with this person." And
they'll click on the link below your
video and they'll go to your sales page,
press apply, and it will say, "Sold out.
Join the list to be notified as soon as
spaces open. They sell out fast." and
the person will either say, "I'm down. I
want that. Sounds good." Or they'll
leave. But what I love about this system
is you now have one metric that drives
your entire business, the weight list
size. And what you'll see is every
single time you post a video, every time
you send an email, this thing is going
to jump up and it's going to inspire you
to post content like never before. So,
if you do this over the course of a
couple of months whilst your program's
running, by the time it ends, you've got
potentially hundreds of people waiting
to join. So, you send one to three
emails to that weight list. And you can
make it four lines long. That's the most
I've ever made from one email that's
four lines long. And you simply say,
"We're opening spaces. There's only five
left. There's 250 people on the wait
list. Click here before they sell out."
So, the hype and the scarcity starts to
do all of the selling for you. Now, I've
been using this strategy for a while,
and what I love is when my clients start
using it, too, they can often go from
struggling to sell cheap, low ticket
offers to selling things that are five,
six, or 7,000 because of the power of
scarcity. The thing is, so many people
are like, I can't do that, Ed. It's fake
scarcity, you scammer. But it's not, and
this is what is so dumb about the online
space. Everyone thinks they have this
instantly scalable business, but if you
try and cram too many people into your
business before you are ready to look
after them, you're you get a ton of
complaints. You get refund requests. I
heard someone the other day saying they
only get 4% refund requests. That is so
bad. And then they burn out and your
boat sinks. But by saying you have a
limit of people that you can work with,
you are protecting your business, you
are protecting your clients because you
will provide them a better service. This
also then uses what everyone thinks is
the disadvantage of this business model
as its biggest advantage because it
creates scarcity and that creates
urgency and exclusivity. And that is
exactly what Rolex and Ferrari do.
They're not sitting there going, "How do
we scale?" They're going, "How do we
make more people want this but less
people have it so you can put their
prices up?" Now, I would run this
program three to four times until you
start to find that managing five people
feels like it's getting a bit easy and
they're getting great results, which
means the system's working and you're
optimizing it. And that will happen
because every time you do this, I
guarantee you'll get better and better
and better at it. And then we make the
leap and we open the sales to the weight
list that might have hundreds of people
on it, but now we say we've got 10
spaces open. They're only $25,000. so
long as you did become a likable
character. That will make you your first
25k month. But also keep in mind you
were 25 times overs subscribed. So if
you like, you could turn around and say
20 people and then make 50k. And if you
do 50k and you do this every 2 months,
that's your 25k a month. Just don't sink
your boat by cramming it before you're
ready. You don't need to rush this. The
better you make it, the bigger your
payoff will be. And that brings us on to
phase three. This is where the goal
changes because what we don't want is
100K launches every couple of months. I
know that sounds amazing, but it's not
the goal of this video, right? What you
want is 100K months on repeat. And this
is where so many people just ruin the
years of work they've put in cuz they
just get obsessed with cramming too many
people on board. So, here is how you
create a super yacht that will get
people queuing up outside using our
success wheel. All right. So, let's
start with traffic. Honestly, if you've
done a good job in phase one and two and
you've been consistent and you've shown
results and you've built your email list
and you've become likable, you don't
need 50,000 views a video. My target is
like 10,000 views a video. And I know if
I do that once a week, I can make
millions every year. I also know that
sending one email a week with that will
get that result. And so, I know at this
stage, this is actually quite easy to
make a 100K a month. So, let's assume
your email list is at like 10,000 people
and your videos are getting 5 to 10,000
views and you've built your channel to
attract buyers, not just random viewers.
We should find that selling 20 spaces a
month is easier. And what that means is
traffic technically here becomes the
least important part of our success. So,
I'm not even going to touch on it. You
can literally take 6 months of posting
videos like I did a few years ago and
still hit six figure a month just
emailing your list if you became a
likable character. Now the thing that
will really limit you here are your
offer, your conversion and your results
section of the wheel. So let's go deeper
on how to fix them. Starting with the
offer. So up until now you have been
running your program live. So you have
calls every week and you have chat
support in between. And that works
launching every 8 weeks. But now we need
to take what was live and build it into
a proper on demand program so people can
join whenever and then you can sell it
out monthly. Now, in theory, you have a
ton of cool recordings from your live
program that you've been doing, and you
could piece them together to make the on
demand version, but to me, that's like
patching together a leaky boat rather
than trying to make a super yacht. So, I
personally recommend you just slow it
down a bit and you rewrite that content
so it's optimized for speed and what's
known as cognitive load. Basically, how
easy it is to understand. But I don't
know if you know this, but you can
explain something and someone can
understand it. But if you keep
explaining the same point after they've
gotten it, you can make them ununderst
understand it. And that's often what
happens with live workshop content. So
to me, what that means is we really want
to make our content easier and shorter
basically. So you can take the
transcripts from those calls, you can
turn it into a script, you can cut bits
out, you can really optimize them. But I
just really don't like this attitude a
lot of people have where they're like,
"Well, if they can't concentrate on a
3-hour workshop, how can they expect to
get a result? It's your job at this
stage to help and make this easier for
people. And if you want to be earning
millions, I think you owe that to your
buyers." Then once your program is
optimized, filmed, shot, we want to move
on to the next part of our wheel, which
is just insanely powerful. So, let me
show you what I mean. Here's a little
calculator I've built for you. So, let's
say January, you drive 5,000 people to
your sales page and you convert 1% of
them. Then in February, the same amount
of people arrive at it, but you increase
this to 2%. You make an extra $100,000
just from optimizing your sales page.
So, what you need to do at this stage is
come up with a monthly ritual. And I get
all my clients to do this. It's so
flipping important where you track the
performance of each stage of your
funnel. So, you need to know how many
people hit the sales page, how many
people joined the weight list, how many
people booked a call, how many people
converted. Then, if something dips, you
fix it because you will find some months
you'll blow up a video and your weight
list will double, but your call
conversions will half and that's the
nature of the beast on YouTube. Often,
growing a channel faster brings you
worse lead flow. Now, if you if you're
not doing this and you're making over
10K a month, you are really holding
yourself back years. And then we move to
our fourth part of the wheel where you
have got to focus a lot on results. Now,
most business owners will just
completely screw this up here, or I
believe they do anyway, where they're
going to go, "Cool, I'm making loads of
money now. I'm just going to step back
and let my team run client delivery, not
talking to them." And then they just go
and focus on piling more leads into
their boat and sink the thing. Now, I
know $100,000 a month is a lot of money,
but having made the jump to hitting a
few $500,000 months, I know that the
lessons I learned staying very hands-on
with my clients and working hard to find
their bottlenecks and to fix them with
upgrades in the program allowed me to
then three to 4x the business as a
result without sinking my boat. So, I
still think your main focus should be
improving your offer, especially because
once you hit 100K a month and that
stabilizes, you're going to be thinking,
"How do I get to 300,000?" Some of you
are going to be thinking, "How do I get
to a million?" And you need to know your
buyer very well to do that. I haven't
hit a million a month, by the way. And
then it's just the same game as before.
Get as many results as you can. Put them
into your content. Get the wheel
spinning so fast. You create a ton of
demand. But what about sales and the
weight list right now? Do we just get
rid of it and have sales open all the
time? Well, yeah, you got some options.
So, you can do that. You can say, "No
more weight list. We'll just have sales
on." But what you need to do is cap the
amount of people you let in every month
and make that very public because we
don't want to overload your boat and it
creates scarcity and urgency and will
increase your conversions, too. But
really, what I would recommend you keep
the weight list system going, but now
what you do is you open it once a month.
So, you do the same thing. You pump out
videos. You send out emails. You drive
them to your sales page. They discover,
"Oh no, I can't join. It sold out in
three days last time." They jump on the
wait list because it sounds so good. You
email the weight list and it will sell
out. And then the next month, you just
grow the weight list again. When you do
this, you have one number to focus on
all month. It's amazing how big is the
weight list. And what you will find is
my business was almost the same every
month. Let's say we got 500 people on
the list. Half would book a call. We'd
cancel half cuz they were the wrong fit.
They weren't the right people for my
boat, so we can't help them. We don't
let them on. And then we convert half of
them. And this was the same for nine
months in a row. This works so well. In
fact, if you want to see exactly how
other businesses are doing this to add
20, 30, 50k to their income, watch this
video next and you're going to discover
the exact system they use to do